Various utilities for working with NGDB graph files and ANALYZE75 image files.

  avgimg     - Average a collection of ANALYZE75 image files (the inputs 
               must have the same dimensions).
  avgmat     - Average a collection of .mat matrix files.
  avgngdb    - Create a weighted ngdb file by accumulating edges from a 
               number of inputs.
  callseed   - Iteratively extract maximum degree subgraphs (see cseed).
  catimg     - Concatenate a collection of ANALYZE75 image files into a 
               volume (the inputs must have the same dimensions).
  ccnet      - Graph measures in standard output format.
  cdot       - Convert a ngdb graph to a graphviz dot file.
  cedgenorm  - Normalise edge weights in a ngdb graph file.
  ceo        - Convert a radatools lol file to a ngdb graph file.
  cextract   - Extract subgraphs by label.
  cgen       - Generate graphs of different types.
  cmask      - Mask the nodes of a ngdb file with the values from a 
               corresponding ANALYZE75 image file.
  cmerge     - Merge nodes by label.
  cnet       - Calculate statistics over NGDB graph files.
  cnvimg     - Convert an ANALYZE75 image to a different data type.
  cnvnifti   - Convert a NIFTT-1 header file to an ANALYZE75 header file.
  countimg   - Count the number of voxels above a given threshold.
  cprune     - Remove small components/disconnected nodes from a graph.
  creduce    - Reduce a graph by label value, creating a new 
               weighted/thresholded graph.
  creg       - Calculate and print inter/intra-regional densities in a graph.
  cropimg    - Extract a portion of an ANALYZE75 file.
  cseed      - Extract a subgraph from a specified seed node.
  cthres     - Threshold the edges of a weighted ngdb file.
  ctrim      - Remove edges from a graph based on a given criteria.
  cutimg     - Split an ANALYZE75 volume into a collection of image files.
  cvtk       - Convert a ngdb graph to a vtk model file.
  cwhittle   - Remove weak edges from a graph.
  dumphdr    - Dump the contents of an ANALYZE75 header 
  dumpimg    - Dump the contents of an ANALYZE75 image, with control over 
               dimension order 
  dumpmat    - Dump the contents of a MAT file.
  dumpngdb   - Dump the contents of a NGDB file.
  dumpvolume - Dump a collection of ANALYZE75 files.
  extval     - Extract a single value from an ANALYZE75 image file.
  labelngdb  - Change the labels in a NGDB file.
  mkhdr      - Create an ANALYZE75 header file.
  nanfiximg  - Replace NaN values with zeros in an ANALYZE75 image file.
  ngdb2img   - Convert a NGDB graph file to an ANALYZE75 image.
  patchhdr   - Modify fields in an ANALYZE75 header file.
  repimg     - Replace values in an ANALYZE75 image file.
  scaleimg   - Apply a scaling factor to every value in an ANALYZE75 image.
  searchimg  - Search for values in an ANALYZE75 image.
  shiftimg   - Shift an ANALYZE75 image along any dimension, with optional
               wrap-around.
  tsgen      - Generate random ANALYZE75 time series volumes.
  tsgraph    - Create a NGDB file from a MAT file generated from tsmat.
  tsimg      - Extract time series for specified nodes in a graph file, from
               a corresponding ANALYZE75 volume.
  tsmat      - Create a MAT file containing a correlation matrix between time
               series from an ANALYZE75 volume.
